Suggest `Pod Topology Spread Constraints` instead of `Pod Anti-Affinity` when `externalTrafficPolicy=Local` (#38652)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

the NLB Target Group's health check on the auto-assigned
`.spec.healthCheckNodePort` and not receive any traffic.

> In order to achieve even traffic, either use a DaemonSet, or specify [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/) to not locate on the same node.

Reviewer: I might write:
```suggestion
In order to achieve evenly balanced traffic, specify [Pod Topology Spread Constraints](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/)
that minimize the chance of having multiple replicas of your app running on
the same node. You could also use a DaemonSet if you prefer to have exactly
one copy of the app on each of a set of nodes (for example: if you are
implementing some kinds of service mesh).
```

PS. I plan to drop these docs; see https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/38551

Author: @sftim couldn't have put it better 🙏🏻
